Update contributing-model-relationships.md (#11377)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/contributing-model-relationships.md

1. To configure a relationship to be applied across all versions of a particular model, ensure the `version` property for those relationships is set to `*`, to limit the relationships to a specific version of a model, specify the correct model version.
1. Specify `version` property as a regex to ensure relationships are applied to a subset of versions of a model.

> {% include alert.html title="Caution While Defining Relationships" type="warning" content="Relationships are not imported directly and they have to be packaged inside a model. Use caution when defining relationships that span models." %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include alert.html title="Gratuitous Scoping of Relationships" type="warning" content="Relationships are not imported directly and they have to be packaged inside a model. Use caution when defining relationships that span models." %}
```

Reviewer: "Relationships are not imported directly and they have to be packaged inside a model." There is some relevance of this information to the warning, but it's not clear what that is given this phrasing and lack of explanation. Please revisit.

Reviewer: "Use caution when defining relationships that span models." Great. Why? Where's the explanation here?

Reviewer: This feedback has not been addressed.
